from
I want to cook a linguine pasta dish with red pesto
and let's see the ingredients together for 2 people
let's start by listing the ingredients you need to prepare the
text
we need ricotta
20 grams
About 20 grams of pecorino
20 grams of capers
20 grams of almonds and I have already soaked in hot water
a pinch of salt
extra virgin olive oil
the red pretext we will use double tomato paste
thanks to its density it will give me body
with pesto
naturally pasta and pasta I have already meanwhile
bersani
to cook salt water
plentiful
the linguine are these linguini made from durum wheat semolina
then
we have everything we need we start preparing the ingredients
first of all
I prepare the pecorino
I should put bits of it in me help with
a grater for kids live holes so I do it first as I add
the ingredients the capers
pecorino cheese
ricotta
and then we send the almonds because they put them in a bath
bath because almonds are hard crunchy with hot water yes
soften
then
when I have to mix
the compound because it will be quite thick
I will have a softer almond than the almond water itself
all right
so I don't even lose taste, let's say it's a bit of almond milk
let's see if I will need it again
add liquidity
salt important
it is a text of and therefore seasoning
we add
if anything, badly, a sassari was conceived after leaving
tasty
concentrated
double the tomato paste well
memento half pipe
I squeeze it directly into the carafe where then with the immersion mixer
on the rho all the ingredients
poly astra virgin olive oil
so I still miss a liquid part for
blend anyway a compact creaminess let's see if I need it
liquid care probable thing
add
if anything, or of the cooking water uk of the vegetable broth or simply
water like that of the tides
it's a red pesto
I add another drop of almond water
I have to keep a cream
Venissa
I refer to the density of classic basil pesto
now let's see if
the pasta is ready
heatran a little piece I look yes
we have a slight lighter soul in the white interior
so it means that the pasta
and al dente a bowl directly
as all text does not need to be heated we have a lot of pasta
hot
so I don't even go to armed school
in the colander
but I take it directly
if it will also be a little unity
no problem
we used double tomato paste
perfect
we put ourselves here comfortably
maybe use
a pallet like this
the red text
we receive
and the pasta is practically ready therefore an extremely fast dish
we are ready to implant
red pesto linguine we are ready to serve beautiful color
scent fantastic sin you can't hear it
we prepare a portion for help with a former color as one has a fork
I create a portion of the control already well so as not to soil
support
with the order
net
just a little leaf
to raise the pot even higher. it is a very simple dish very much
fast the text you find it ready in the refrigerator arrived at home put
on things that maybe
arrived late from work well
this is the dish that is right for you